website: Update all Learn crosslinks (#26442)
hashicorp/terraform: website/intro/index.html.markdown

multiple ways Terraform can be used. Then see
[how Terraform compares to other software](/intro/vs/index.html)
to see how it fits into your existing infrastructure. Finally, continue onwards with

> the [getting started guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/aws-get-started?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Terraform: Get Started](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/aws-get-started?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) collection on HashiCorp Learn to use
```
